Now we have enough knowledge to finish all the remaining end points of this API controller.
So we have started with displaying a list of elements then how to store an element and authenticate
and the point that requires authentication.
So some user has to be authenticated.
Now there is a simple one.
So the show end point is to just return a single resource.
So in this particular scenario with comments we don't need that.
But let's see how to do that anyway.
So immediately let's add this blog post.
You should already know why we are doing that because we want to use a route model binding and that's
the name of the parameter in the root.
So this one will be a very simple one.
So we have a blog post but also we have our comment
so make sure that you have the comment imparted.
So in this case we import only the resource so let's import the comment model so this would be this
one from the top comment namespace.
Make sure you have this use statement.
And now let's open the terminal and run peach bee artisan the route least grep API or find as the R
on the windows.
And that's the end point for fetching one comment.
So let me find it.
This one is for getting leased.
Yes this one is for getting one individual to comment.
That's why we can use the variable argument name on the show method called comment and this would be
ultimately fetch the using group model binding us the actual comment.
Now what you have to do in this end point is very simple you just return new comment resource and you
are passing the comment here.
Save the changes and now we have created this comment so you can copy the URL and the euro would look
like this.
So api v1 posts posting the X1 comments and comment I.D. which is 306 and then you can fetch one individual
resource from the API so showing one resource was simple.
Now let's see how we can handle updating.
So when someone wants to change the result in this case they would like to modify the comment so we
also need those two arguments here.
So the blog post the comment because they are defined inside the rules.
So we need those and then we will need the store comment.
This is the same kind of request and we want the validation.
So now you have the comment already fetched.
So what you can do is you can assign the content.
That's the only variable that we are changing here and request input content.
This is everything that we have to do.
We want to modify the user because it is already set.
Now you can simply return you comment resource comment.
So a lot of it will take care whether this comment already exists or not.
So let's verify if that works.
So we do the same you out let's open the new tab and for updating you WILL SEND UP PUT request.
So that's the standard of doing that in RESTful API.
But you can also verify that there is this route for modifying the comment accepts either put or path
but.
Well I suggest using just put so we need a body here.
So let's go to body type.
Select ro application Jason.
Make sure you specify the accept header as application.
Jason.
I've already explained that before.
So you should already know why we are doing that.
And then only modify the content sorry.
This has to be lower case content us.
Something else.
Now we of course need the authorization token so no that's not basic.
Our dads bureau token notice how postman keeps your recently used tokens so we don't really have to
copy that from other requests like from here.
If you recently stored any token it will automatically add it here.
So we are modifying the resource three hundred six.
And we have just fetch it from here.
It has the content.
Hello and we want to modify it to something else so let's send this request.
And you can see that it returns back the resource we've I.D. 306 and then modified content which now
is something else.
Well you can see that it returns proper response that well it was modified because we have modified
the actual model but the think I forget to do is.
Well you might have guessed this but if you didn't I forgot to call save.
So you always have to call save and I figured this mistake because we should have automatically updated
at well the updated art column should ultimately change.
And it didn't.
So let's try something else.
And now you can see that the content was returned with their modified changes and also the updated update
has also changed.
So why it return then your results.
Well basically it just serialized the model that we have changed so we have changed the content and
just serialize it but didn't save it.
That's why it's returned to the new values but it actually was it's changed.
And finally probably the simplest one which is destroy to delete our resource from the database.
So we also need blog post and comment.
And of course this is because those parameters are in the rules.
So this is how it looks like it has post and it has comment.
So bye bye.
Just.
I think this parameters to the method Lovell will fetch them.
So what you can do is comment delete.
And in case of that delete end point what you should return is a new response so you can do return response.
No content.
So when you are deleting model from the database deleting a resource well you won't be returning this
resource back to the browser.
You will.
Well that's the standard way to handle an API.
You return an empty response with specific status code.
And this is what this method is doing.
No content.
It's setting the status code to 204.
So let's try that out in postman so we can simply use the same top and select the delete method.
Now let's send this request and you get the empty body and the status quo two hundred for no content.
This is what that means.
Now this is correct and it looks good.
But if you will try to fetch this deleted resource again what you will actually see is h the email with
404 code.
And this is not something you will handle nicely in your API.
So the first thing you could do is of course you have to add except header because this is how you are
telling a lot of value what you expect back.
So we expect that Jason.
So let's try that with.
Accept headers set to application Jason.
And also this is not a very nice result.
You get some back the stack trace of all the methods that were run and this message.
No query results for upcoming it is so well showing too much details about your implementation.
So we're in the next lecture.
We'll see how we can handle this area was better that the model wasn't found and the return are better.
Jason the response for those cases.